CONN-7202 | Added section for japanese characters support (#1129)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-data-lake/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* Shared Key Connection +
Uses a shared access key that is generated by Azure and used for the storage account

== Japanese Character Support

> Azure Data Lake Storage Connector supports Japanese characters for path names. If you use Japanese characters in pathe names, you must encode the Japanese characters into valid UTF8 encoded and escaped URI characters. Dataweave 2 provides a function to encode Japanese characters. See xref:mule-runtime::dw-url-functions-encodeuri.adoc[encodeURI(String)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Data Lake Storage Connector supports Japanese characters for path names. If you use Japanese characters in path names, you must encode the Japanese characters into valid UTF-8 encoded and escaped URI characters. DataWeave 2.0 provides a function to encode Japanese characters. See xref:mule-runtime::dw-url-functions-encodeuri.adoc[encodeURI(String)]
```
